DevOps - Accenture Training – Post Test:

Note: Participants need to select at least one answer from multiple choice questions but few questions can have multiple answers, in which case choose as many right answers as possible

1.	What is DevOps?
a.	It’s a Software Development Methodology
b.	It’s a culture that promotes better co-operation between Dev & Ops team 
c.	A set of best practices to reduce delivery times
d.	Automate all possible activities within a project

2.	Who coined the term DevOps?
a.	Larry Page
b.	Patrick Debois
c.	Martin Fowler
d.	No one

3.	Who created Jenkins?
a.	Linus Torvalds
b.	Bill Gates
c.	Kohsuke Kawaguchi
d.	Akane Yamaguchi

4.	What’s the relation between Hudson & Jenkins?
a.	They are not related
b.	Hudson is the recent release of Jenkins
c.	Jenkins originated from Hudson
d.	They both refer to the same product

5.	Choose the pre-requisites required to install/run Jenkins, pick one or more.
a.	JDK or JRE  version 1.8
b.	Apache Ant
c.	Apache Maven
d.	Apache Tomcat Server

6.	What is the role played by Git during Continuous Integration involving Jenkins? Pick one or more correct answers.
a.	Git acts as a source code management tool
b.	Git provides plugins for Continuous Integration
c.	Git Client provides hooks for integrating with Jenkins Server
d.	Git Server provides web-hooks for invoking call back functions which can be used by Jenkins to trigger automatic jobs
 
7.	Pick all that is needed to Integrate Jenkins with GitHub Server for CI
a.	GitHub credentials (SSH keys or username & password)
b.	GitHub plugin installed on Jenkins
c.	CI plugin installed on Jenkins
d.	Maven 

8.	What is the basic problem that is addressed by Containers?
a.	They are light weight
b.	Resolves application portability issues
c.	Software Components and their dependency issues

9.	What is the correct URL for configuring a webhook in GitHub? Pick one or more
a.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-web-hook/
b.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/github-webhook/
c.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/github-webhook/
d.	http://your-jenkins-URL-with-port/jobname/webhook/

10.	Pick the docker option which will expose a container originally running on port 8080 to port 80 of the Host machine
a.	 -p 8080:80
b.	-p 80:8080 
c.	–p 80:80
d.	–p 8080:8080

11.	What is the difference between docker “run” and “start” command? Pick one or more
a.	There is no difference
b.	Both commands can be used to spin “new” containers
c.	“run” command will run a stopped container while “start” will spin a new container
d.	“run” command will spin a new container while “start” will run a stopped container

12.	What all needs to be considered by Backing up Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	Ensure that Jenkins is running full capacity jobs
b.	Ensure that Jenkins runs as limited jobs as possible
c.	If possible, shut down Jenkins while backing it up

13.	While running Jenkins on Linux, what additional configuration needs to be considered? Pick one or more
a.	Jenkins User needs to be have appropriate privileges to run applications
b.	Jenkins User needs to have correct folder permissions
c.	There is no difference between Jenkins on Windows & Linux

14.	What best defines a pipeline Job in Jenkins? Pick one or more.
a.	A bunch of jobs that listen to the same message queue
b.	A series of Jobs that are owned & run by the same user
c.	A set of Jobs which define a certain workflow & dependency
d.	There is nothing called pipeline Jobs in Jenkins

15.	What is Docker Swarm? Pick one or more
a.	A list of docker containers in any organization
b.	A bunch of docker containers running on a single powerful host
c.	A cluster of docker hosts or nodes which are connected 
d.	None of the above

16.	What is a Jenkins Agent or Slave? Pick one or more.
a.	It is another Jenkins Server
b.	It’s a light weight Jenkins worker 
c.	It’s a Jenkins Server running on low configuration node
d.	There is no difference between Jenkins Server & Agent

17.	Which source code management plug-in does Jenkins install by default (recommended plugins)? Pick one or more.
a.	Subversion (SVN)
b.	Git
c.	CVS
d.	None

18.	Which environment variable do you optionally use to specify the folder in which Jenkins configuration and runtime data is contained?
a.	JENKINS_ROOT
b.	M2_HOME
c.	JENKINS_HOME
d.	JAVA_HOME

19.	Which of the following command creates a docker volume? Pick one or more
a.	docker create volume volume_name
b.	docker volume create volume_name
c.	docker run –v volume_name alpine /bin/sh
d.	docker start –v volume_name:/volume_name

20.	Pick all that is required for Jenkins to build a Docker Image
a.	JDK
b.	Docker
c.	Permission for jenkins user to run docker commands
d.	Docker plugin
